if there is a god, he will have to beg for my forgiveness
He was very strong but yet
could've been anything I wanted. And, one by one, I didn't become any of them
I will tell God everything
This is not my time
I jumped from the 12th floor
It sucks when you are different from the crowd
know it is bad for me, but I really don't feel anything and there's nothing I desire. It's just my preferred way of living and I've been living this for as long as I could remember
For every person you have ever known, there would be a last time you will ever see them, and you would not be knowing if it is happening
Every night, I try hard to remember my childhood, I can't.  I know my childhood was beautiful, but I don't have a single memory of it. I feel envious of those who cherish their childhood, I wish I could. I wish I was weak, but I am not. I wish, I could cry, but I can't
What have I become?
I'm a grenade and at some point I'm going to blow up and I would like to minimize the casualties
I bought a gun and chose drugs instead
If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets
From the moment we are born, we begin to die
Sad are those who understand
I don't want to kill myself but that doesn't mean I don't want to die
It amazes me how people do this to themselves and I am here, stucked
I do not want to live anymore
He left me
She left me
Nobody cares about me anymore
I barely speak anymore
Are you with family or friends right now? Okay, you might want to sit down...Mark killed himself
Do I really deserve this?
Ashley, are you sitting down? Okay. Kyle is gone
Time is the fire in which we burn
There are three deaths. The first is when the body ceases to function. The second is when the body is consigned to the grave. The third is that moment, sometime in the future, when your name is spoken for the last time
For sale: baby's shoes, never worn
Life is short, rush hour is long
I am awful
I am ugly
I am bad
I do not deserve life
I am too tired to continue
I am done
Do not stop me for it won't hurt you
Please guys, I need some help, I have no place to go, it's just a few days
Everything that comes together must fall apart
I will die someday
We like to think we spend our time preparing to live, but in reality we are preparing to die
I give up
Everything is a phase
I was once standing where you are now, it won't be long until you're lying were I am
Committing suicide is too selfish, and that's why I can't do it
Mija, he didn't make it
What you must understand about me is that I’m a deeply unhappy person
Why do people have to be this lonely?
What's the point of it all?
Millions of people in this world, all of them yearning, looking to others to satisfy them, yet isolating themselves
Was the earth put here just to nourish human loneliness?
They say when you are missing someone that they are probably feeling the same, but I don't think it's possible for you to miss me as much as I'm missing you right now
I loved her, and sometimes she loved me too
Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart
The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes
Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you
there are two types of people in the world: those who prefer to be sad among others, and those who prefer to be sad alone
Its so hard to talk when you want to kill yourself
I don't want to hurt you or anybody so please forget about me
Find yourself a better friend
I am going to put myself to sleep now for a bit longer than usual
Call it Eternity
This is what I want so don't be sad
Please Leave the Room If This Will Affect You
Please make sure that the sacrifice of my life is not in vain
Life is Meaningless
These are my last words
I am sad
I am all alone
I have no one
I am lonely
I have nothing to live for
I am tired of this life
It is better to burn out than to fade away
To the teachers who never really cared and ignored my problems
To the man and women who adopted a helpless child when she was brought to them
To those who never cared, never spoke, probably never knew my name
To the one true friend, whose caring was the only thing that prevented this even from happening sooner
To the God, if he does exist, who chose to play a cruel, cruel joke on me when he placed me where he did and surrounded me with so many uncaring faces
to all of you, goodbye
I am leaving a world to which I never truly belonged or fit in
do not weep for me, or mourn my passing
I say this not because I expect to be missed, but to allow those who truly did not care go on with their lives with a clean conscience and dry eyes
I know you don’t want to weep for me
But I do ask you to listen to the final words of a young girl who has taken charge of her own detiny
Why can’t you accept the things that make other people different rather than insisting everyone conforms to your will
As my final moments tick away
I wonder what impact these words will create
Farewell forver
Messy, isn't it?
I don't know if anyone will read this or if it'll be deleted by me
My heart certainly goes out to my fellow outsiders
No one understands you
No one cares how your day is going
I failed in just about everything
I failed
I am going to another placeI am going to another place
perhaps the sacrifice of one might bring hope to others
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few, or the one
humans are disgusting
I am broke
I need to talk
someone please help
Who would want to read me a story
I cried all night
Why does God play these cruel jokes
